alan garcía defended anticipation of medical devices of the republic
popular Chinese or also called Chinese communist rafael king was yesterday very
choleric
details the peru although I was going to mbt 2000 tanks whose amount remains in
reservation
these tanks according to military sources are five Pakistanis a model
improved Russian tanks than 55 with French attachments
that is to say a tank patched or as they already begin to popularly call it a
frankestein tank
If you want, I'll tell you what the clothes are like or the measurements of
the soldiers
responds spoiled alan garcia while king is exasperated pellicer
What a scandal
open interrogation to son
how can we do that as to exhibit other people's tanks
President Alan Garcia and his Minister of Defense
rafael king
they answered yesterday angry and with mockery when the press asked them about the
purchase of Chinese tanks that have generated great controversy for its price and
its quality
the by the way five armored vehicles were shown at the big stop
military last Tuesday
García defended the decision of the army and the defense ministry of
acquire tanks, which he described as very successful
and even asserted that the five of these artifacts that paraded in the
Mars field have already been acquired
when the press asked him about the questioning of the tanks
Garcia has exasperated warned that he would not talk about it again because
supreme head of the armed forces thinks it's a security case
national stressed that deserves reservation stressed point the truth is that after
of Chilean espionage seems a very bad joke
few
annoyed and mocking way García maintained that it is the first time that a
country discusses its defense anticipations
If you want, I'll tell you what the clothes are like or the measurements of
the soldiers said and then pointed out that the purchase is an issue that everything can be
comment irresponsibly to what is already said that is unpatriotic
airing details of the purchase in the media as the subject
can be addressed in secret session by the congressional defense committee
the same thing that Vladimir Montesinos said and made to die.
State money remember very recently
the press asked the minister rafael king because
the tanks were shown on the test drive if it still does not belong to the country
angry
king said scandal
how can we do that
Rafael Rey ruled out that the purchase of the tanks has been quick to ask for
everything to those who criticize the process to go to the headquarters of their portfolio to
who know details of it and said they were studied and evaluated
underlined also proposals for Polish tanks
Russian and German Ukrainians
after which it was determined that the manufactured by communist china is the
best secret alternative to alan garcía said that
when the parliamentarians wish it and in secret session
you can deal with national defense issues
We want Peru to be defended as to extract from the whole world what
we have stressed
García said that the tanks are high technology the price
many minors to the other offers
and also argued on the need to replace the Russian tanks t55
purchased in 1974 and that are being written off
It is compensating for having discharged those tanks to have a weapon
dissuasive
which are these high-tech tanks that as mentioned
not only have a firing power up to four kilometers if what
can launch missiles 50 kilometers away
something that does not have any other tank in the market scored
the president of communist china there is 1 underlined in the purchase of the president
Alan Garcia
after greeting the purchase of the Chinese tanks commented that they have already subscribed
the pre-agreements underlined to start making the three payments underlined
this has been achieved thanks to the president of communist china hu jintao
Thanks to his intervention, a very important reduction has been achieved, not in the
price
but in the initial payment that must be paid to the payment terms
commented by way of explanation
He emphasized that the purchase of Chinese tanks is a fact and for that reason
they passed those first five tanks on the test drive
they are already actually acquired
and what you have to do is raise your underlined level we add what level
close quotes
said at the time of ensuring that the decision does not contradict in any case
our vocation contrary to an arms race
diplomatic sources assure that in reality
the operation was agreed by garcía de hu jintao
at the meeting they had at the recent apec summit in singapore
comments two points
will be tanks of the cta
the Peruvian government if you really want to have military material of character
dissuasive has to make good acquisitions taking into account the
quality of the armament as to the guarantee of the
If I would not be making a bad purchase I have my doubts about the quality and
viability of Chinese weapons for our country